cars dot com auto reviews
Hi I'm Joe Weisenfelder from cars dot com
everyone knows
what rolls royces they know it stands
for ultra-luxury
and prestige but they don't know is what
a current rolls-royce looks like it's
not this will be old-fashioned looking
thing
the current rolls-royce looks like this
well
actually does look like girls yet now to
the sky might look like the flagship
rolls-royce phantom
its actually 8 2010 ghost
it a little bit smaller and instead up
300 eighty thousand dollars it starts at
a mere
two hundred forty five thousand dollars
it's the roles for the rest of us
as you might expect a rolls-royce has
lots of tricks and frills
starting with the doors Star Trek number
one apparently it's
rainy in Great Britain not only do you
get a umbrella
in both on front doors you get the
nicest umbrella you ever touch
this umbrella is too good for me Star
Trek number two
back door opens this way it's a coach
store
Star Trek number three push this button
here
i like it
our cars option up to three hundred five
thousand dollars this panoramic moonroof
is seven thousand dollars front and rear
ventilated seats that heated and cooled
thirty five hundred dollars front
massaging seats
eleven hundred dollars rear massaging
seats another
eleven hundred dollars these so-called
picnic table 6 with a little extension
for your laptop
twenty-eight hundred dollars now right
above the picnic tables
the rear feeder configuration has two
large screens 19 inches diagonally
in play DVD the usual stuff now you can
fit three people in the back seat
but with the individual see
Configuration six thousand dollars you
get all sorts of control
%uh either side gets backrest adjustment
bottom question adjustment there's
a lumbar control I have to mention even
though this car shorter
from bumper to bumper than the short
wheelbase phantom it's actually roomier
inside it's a totally different platform
and
it actually has a much more powerful
engine with more than 560 horsepower
does 0-60 in less than five seconds
pretty impressive for a car that weighs
two and three-quarter tons
but this is not a sports car this isn't
trying to be
what's on the competitors are from from
Porsche and Bentley
cetera it's all about isolation and
comfort
it's exceptionally quiet comfortable
luxurious inside the wood all comes from
the same tree
so it has matching grain in it ages the
same a collar stays the same
across the car there are no fewer than 8
leather hides used
in one car our car actually has an
extended leather
and door pocket lighting package for
twenty one hundred dollars
a little more leather and when you put
your hand into a pocket like here in the
door
a light comes on only when your hand is
in there
the system and
for more car-related new Skoda cars dot
com or block
kicking the tires dot net